Next mods:
repair costs weapon parts
Dew collectors create minaral water (remove mineral water recipe)
horde night recap UI
storm overhaul - reduce max hp/max stamina instead of just dealing damage
    - increase loot stage rather than more bags (or mix of both)
completely random horde nights 
armor set bonuses small version for 2 piece
trader overhaul - less items for sale, if items arent sold, price decreases daily.
    -   quests increase inventory
    -   no protection area
    -   better walls, maybe defenses
    -   sell materials to imrpove defenses

make a mod to make wildspawns gs based, walkersim compatible.
    - option to increase spawns
    - add all zombie types to any biome spawngroup

Random Plus:
    only simple affixes that fit on that weapon, no shock etc
    basically just a stat randomizer, every stat on a weapon can roll between a range

3.0 Update:
- Remove q6 from loot (its an option ingame now)
- Make affix mods compatible with qualities
- Update c# to work with the new changes to modding.
- Localization is csv now, so update the custom one.
- Make combining work with affixes, for now, just 


3.0 Ideas:
Gamesettings:
    - Max affixes on an item (default is 7, range from 1 to 8).
    - Affix abundance (default = 100%) lower, i.e. 66% would mean each affix has a 66% of actually spawning on the item when found. Higher % means theres a chance for additional affix (up till maximum).
    - Upgrade requirements (100 kills is default). Make it harder/easier to upgrade affixes on weapons.
    - Loot abundance for tokens.
Combine System:
    - A way to 'choose' which affixes to keep from each weapon, paying some token per affix you chose.

TODO:
check quality range for items (make sure its normalized to 1-6 for mods that increase it)
check gameevents.xml for ideas for effects
Some TI commands
upgrade quality of item with legendary parts
a way to 'combine' weapons to improve/reroll affixes
nerf magic find, remove 1 item from loot
legendary
    upgrade any weapon 25 times
    tbd

Unique Ideas:
    -   Fireaxe is fire based (100% to set on fire, (higher damage fire???)) chance to set self on fire on every swing.
    -   Nerd outfit: 'Teacher armor' increased skill xp, maybe something else school themed. Only found in lockers.
    -   primitive armor set: Jack of all Trades: +1 to each attribute, -8 armor on each piece.      DONE

Joke/unique affixes for uniques:
    chance to fall down when powerattacking
    chance to apply bleed to player (or any other injury)
    only allows headshot damage
    lucky 7, all stats are sevens (desert vulture)
    sprain arm chance when firing through scope on m60

Rework towards digital rather than magical theme.

rocket launcher unique from demo loot bag
'Golden' zombies. like 0.001 odds of spawning, theyre infernals but recolered to gold. can base some of the legendary challenges on killing it, count as 50 kills, drop a lootbag that always contains a token etc etc

i want more 'conditional' affixes. not just passive stat boost and not just random roll for an effect. But things like IF thing A happens then apply buff B for x seconds kinda things.

    Weapon Both Armor Total
DONE: 53 - 23 - 53 -    129

New Affixes:
specific loot bonuses (increase ammo in loot etc)
decrease smell distance
something with the drone shock mod
more damage the less bullets in magazine
manipulate buffs in a thousand and one ways.
increase buff duration
wisdom of battle - become immune to certain debuffs for a certain amount of time after it expires
mighty endurance - increased damage resist when affected by critical injury
AP ammo pierce additional target
extra healing from healing items
waterbreathing
higher reach for melee
reduce sound of gun (silencer esq) (More advanced, there is no such thing as a noise level on a weapon)
reduce kill requirement (magic slayer)
more advanced: Spawn friendly bees that attack zombies
golden touch - very small chance to gain gold nugget (action_give_gold in gameevents)

Armors:
crit healing
damage resist 
stealth bonus (check rogue outfit)
fall damage

pelletCount (shotgun)               ON HOLD (might need script)
hipfireAccuracy (gun)               NOTSURE
aimSpeed% (gun)                     NOTSURE
lessStaminaAiming% (gun)            NOTSURE
fasterCritHeal                      ONHOLD
damageResistOnKill                  ONHOLD (maybe better for armor)
ChanceToHealCritInjuryOnKill        ONHOLD
hitStreak (more damage each hit until you miss or 1 minute passes) ONHOLD
explosive bullets                   ONHOLD

workstation is a computer (can use a pc block thats already in game)
can add servers and attach them to the computer (servers are also already in game)
they both require power
the servers hold affixes inside them and you can see them all in the computer. Think AE2 pc system from mc mod
can 'upload' a weapon with affixes, destroying the weapon and storing the affixes inside the server.
a server has a limited capacity, so need more servers to store more.
maybe pay something small to upload a weapon. 
'extraction token' is paid to apply an affix from the bank into a weapon. 
can upgrade an affix with a token as long as its in the pc (or in affixes list of a weapon)
pc can be used for other things, maybe rerolling has to be done in there. Maybe upgrading item quality, maybe combining items
lock pc behind electrical magazines (maybe like 30), and server even higher (like 50 or something)

server has a scrollable inventory, can sort based on rarity, or affix (putting all rarities of the same affix together). can also filter on weapon or armor or a specific piece.

tokens get rebranded to Discs or something similar, like cd disks, floppy discs, something like that

magic slayer -> data analyst. You 'gather' more data by killing zombies and therefore unlocking more power
magic find -> hacker. You hack into the system to find more and more powerful affixes

